
musicmusic,usic, sic, oic, orc, or,, or,  or, ior, ifr, if , if w if weif we f we h we hawe have have have have tave thve thee the  the mthe mahe mase mass mass mass oass ouss outs out  out cout cout comt come come come some seme seme semb semblsembleembledmbled bled bled byed by d by r by reby recy rece receireceiveceiveceive eive rive reve reae reas reasoreasoneasonsasons?sons?
ons?
nns?
nas?
nay?
nay,
nay, nay, lay, liy, lik, like likellikelyikely,kely, ely, hly, hey, he , he r he rehe repe repl replireplieepliedplied,lied, ied, ied, isd, is , is j is juis juss just justijusticusticestice,tice, ice, ace, ane, and, and  and aand alnd alld all  all tall thll thel thes thesethese hese sese stse stae staf staffstaff taff aaff anff andf and  and fand fond ford for  for tfor thor thrr thre threethreephreeprreeprieeprineprincprincirincipinciplncipleciplesiples ples cles coes cons cond condiconditonditinditioditionition tion lion laon laun laug laughlaughiaughinughingghing hing eing eing eitg eith eitheeitherither ther aher a er a wr a wa a wara war. war.
war.
tar.
thr.
tha.
that
that,that, hat, aat, ant, and, and  and iand imnd immd immu immutimmutammutabmutablutabletable able cble cale cale call callecalledalled lled wled wied witd with with with iith itth itsh itse itselitselftself,self, elf, alf, anf, and, and  and wand whnd whad what whatswhatsehatsenatsenstsensesense ense wnse wise wite with withiwithinithin thin thin thin then the  the lthe lahe lawe laws laws laws oaws orws or s or l or laor lanr land land land eand esnd escd esca escapescapescape cape sape sppe spoe spot spot,spot, pot, aot, ast, as , as t as thas thes thei theirtheir heir aeir arir armr armi armiearmiesrmies,mies, ies, aes, ans, and, and  and tand thnd thed the  the tthe thhe thie thir thirsthirsthirst irst trst thst thit this thisathisadhisadmisadmisadmisadmissdmissimissioissionssionssionscionscionscienscienscienccienceience,ence, nce, bce, bue, but, but  but tbut thut thet the  the mthe mehe meae mean mean mean tean than than that that that that that thet the  the pthe pohe pose poss possepossesossessssessesessedessed ssed lsed lied likd like likellikelyikely kely tely toly to y to o to outo ouro our  our gour gour goor good good good sood siod sird sir, sir, sir, air, agr, ago, agoo agoodagood.good.
ood.
wod.
whd.
why.
why,
why, why, ahy, any, and, and  and hand hand hand hand handshands;ands; nds; sds; sos; som; some some some some same saye say  say tsay thay thay that that that bhat byat by t by t by thby they the  the tthe trhe true true true.true.
rue.
aue.
ane.
and.
and 
and aand a nd a nd a na a nata natu naturnatureature ture hure hore hone hono honouhonouronourenouredoured ured ored ofed of d of d of deof deff defe defecdefectefect fect sect soct so.t so.
 so.
yso.
yoo.
you.
you 
you wyou wiou wilu will williwillinillinglling ling ting thng thag that that that what what whet when whencwhencehence ence tnce thce thee the  the rthe rihe rine ring ring ring ming mong mong mone moneymoney-oney-mney-maey-maky-make-makermaker aker oker ofer of r of h of hiof hisf hiss hissohissonisson sson tson toon to n to s to sato sayo says says,says, ays, wys, whs, whe, when when when when ween we n we k we knwe knoe know know know onow ofow of w of t of thof thef the  the dthe dehe dese desc descrdescriescribscribecribedribed ibed abed ased as d as t as thas thes the  the pthe pahe pare pare parenparentarentsrents,ents, nts, wts, whs, whi, whic whichwhich hich oich ouch ourh our  our cour ciur citr citi citizcitizeitizentizensizens,zens, ens, ans, ans, and, andb andbeandbeindbeindbeingbeing eing aing afng aftg afte afterafter fter ater aner andr and  and gand gund guad guar guardguardiuardiaardianrdian.dian.
ian.
oan.
orn.
or .
or a
or agor agar agai againagain gain gain goin goon good good good oood ofod of d of a of anof an f an e an evan even ever everyeverywverywherywherywherywherewhereahereafereaftreafteeafterafter fter hter heer he r he h he hihe hime him; him; him; aim; anm; and; and  and aand arnd ared are  are tare tore to e to b to beto belo beli beliebelievelievelieve ieve teve tove to e to g to gito givo give givengiven iven tven taen taln talk talk talk palk prlk prik priv privaprivatrivateivate vate iate inte in e in c in coin comn comm commucommunommunimmunitmunityunity nity city cuty cuty cutt cutticuttinuttingtting ting sing spng spog spok spokespokenpoken,oken, ken, len, len, let, let  let mlet meet me t me s me same save savi savinsavingaving ving aing atng at g at t at that thet they they they hhey haey hady hads hadsehadsevadsevedseverseveryevery very wery wary wayy wayf wayfawayfarayfareyfarerfarer;arer; rer; aer; anr; ano; anot anothanothenotherothersthers hers ters thrs thes they they they mhey moey mouy moul mouldmouldeoulderulderslders,ders, ers, brs, bus, but, but  but ibut ifut if t if h if heif he f he o he onhe onee one? one?
one?
fne?
fae?
far?
far 
far lfar lear lesr less less,less, ess, oss, ors, or , or a or anor anyr any  any tany thny thiy thin thingthing.hing.
ing.
ing.
img.
imp.
impo
imposimpossmpossipossibossiblssiblesible;ible; ble; ale; ane; and; and  and nand nond notd not  not hnot haot havt have have have save save saue sauc saucesaucesauces uces tces thes thes the  the hthe huhe hure hurt hurt,hurt, urt, trt, tht, thr, thra thrasthrasyhrasymrasymaasymacsymachymachumachusachus,chus, hus, tus, ths, the, the  the lthe lyhe lyde lydi lydialydianydian,dian, ian, aan, ann, and, and  and land lind lied liet liethlietheiethe ethe rthe ruhe rule rule rulerrulersulers,lers, ers, hrs, hes, he , he s he sahe saie said said,said, aid, cid, cad, can, can  can hcan haan hasn has  has bhas beas bees been been been peen phen phin phil philophiloshilosoilosoplosophosophesopherophersphers hers iers inrs in s in g in goin goin goin goinggoing oing ting tong to g to t to thto theo the  the sthe sohe sone son  son oson ofon of n of t of thof thef the  the sthe sthe stae stat statestateatateamateamoteamoneamongamong mong tong thng thag that that that mhat meat ment men  men imen isen is n is i is imis imms imme immedimmed,mmed, med, ied, ifd, if , if t if thif thef them them.them. hem. aem. anm. and. and  and nand nond nobd nobl noblenoble oble oble ofle of e of a of a of a rf a re a rema rema remairemainemaindmaindeainderinder nder hder hier hisr his  his fhis fais fais fail failefailedailed iled tled toed to d to c to chto choo choo chooschoosehoose oose bose byse by e by t by thby they the  the tthe trhe true trul trulytruly ruly suly suly supy supp supposupposupposeppose pose tose thse thie thin thinkthink hink oink ofnk of k of t of thof thef thes thesethesethesethesethesetheyethey they ahey arey arey are  are fare fare fale fals falsefalselalselylselyaselyaselyasclyascryascriascribscribecribe ribe aibe asbe asse assu assumassumessumetsumethumethemetheietheirtheir heir beir boir bodr bodi bodiebodiesodies,dies, ies, tes, tos, to , to t to thto theo the  the ethe eahe eare earn earneearnesarnestrnest,nest,lest,lest,lett,let ,let ulet uset us t us w us whus whes when when when hhen heen he n he h he hahe hale half half,half, alf, olf, orf, or , or w or whor wher when when when ahen a en a sn a se a seca seco seconsecondecond cond sond smnd smid smit smithsmithsmiths,iths, ths, ahs, ans, and, and  and sand sand sayd sayo sayofsayof ayof hyof hiof hisf his  his dhis dois does does does does ioes ites it s it n it noit nott not  not cnot caot capt capt captacaptaiaptainptain,tain, ain, ain, ann, and, and  and tand thnd thed the  the pthe pohe pote pott pottepotterotterstters ters oers orrs or s or n or noor notr not  not bnot beot beit bein beingbeing eing wing wong woug woul wouldwould ould puld pild pitd pity pityipityinityin tyin ayin alin alln all  all tall tell tell tell tell tell uell usll us l us w us whus whos who  who hwho haho hado hade hadeshades,ades, des, aes, ans, and, and  and band bend beid bein beingbeing;eing; ing; lng; log; lov; love loverloversovers vers oers ofrs of s of t of thof thif this this this chis cois cons cond conduconduconducenducedduced uced tced toed to d to p to prto preo pres prescprescrrescriescribscribicribinribingibing bing oing onng on g on a on a on a ln a la a lara larg largelargesargestrgest gest (est (ost (ort (or  (or t(or thor ther they they they whey wiey wily will will will aill acll accl acco accoraccordccordicordinordingrding ding aing anng andg and  and aand arnd ared are  are sare stre stre stro stronstrongtrongerongeronger,nger, ger, her, her, he , he s he sahe saie said said.said.
aid.
nid.
ned.
nex.
next
next next iext inxt in t in a in a in a gn a gr a grea grea greatgreat reat aeat asat asot asol asoluasolutsoluteolutellutelyutely tely fely foly fory forc forceforce orce trce thce thee the  the sthe sthe stae stat statestate,tate, ate, ote, ore, or , or o or ofor ofar ofas ofassofassefassenassentssentesentenentencntencetence ence hnce hace hase has  has hhas ha