
what of what of that of that of thet of the  of the gof the gof the goo the goodthe good,he good, e good, a good, angood, andood, and od, and wd, and we, and we  and we sand we shnd we shad we shal we shallwe shall e shall e shall enshall enthall enteall enterll enter l enter i enter inenter in nter in ater in a er in a sr in a si in a simin a simin a simil a similaa similar similar similar kimilar knmilar knoilar knowlar knowlar knowler knowled knowledgknowledgenowledge owledge owledge ouledge ougedge oughdge oughtge ought e ought t ought toought to ught to rght to reht to reat to reac to reachto reach o reach w reach whreach whaeach whatach what ch what ih what is what is what is phat is plat is plat is plai is plainis plain.s plain.
 plain.
aplain.
anlain.
andain.
and in.
and in.
and if.
and if 
and if tand if thnd if thed if the  if the lif the laf the lat the lattthe lattehe lattere latter  latter clatter caatter castter caseter case er case sr case sh case shocase shouase shoulse shoulde should  should hshould hehould heaould hearuld hear ld hear td hear th hear thehear the ear the car the cor the con the condthe condihe condite conditi conditioconditionondition,ndition, dition, gition, gytion, gygion, gygeon, gygesn, gyges , gyges w gyges wagyges wasyges was ges was aes was a s was a s was a suwas a sucas a succs a succe a succesa success successisuccessivuccessiveccessivelcessivelyessively ssively bsively brively brovely brouely brougly broughy brought brought brought urought upought up ught up ight up inht up in t up in e up in eaup in eacp in each in each in each gn each ge each geneach geneach generch generah generat generatigeneratioenerationneration eration oration onation on tion on tion on thon on thin on this on this on this wn this wa this waythis way his way yis way yos way you way you way you way you wiy you wil you willyou will ou will au will al will alswill alsoill also ll also bl also be also bepalso bepalso bepaiso bepaino bepain? bepain?
bepain?
sepain?
sopain?
so ain?
so iin?
so itn?
so it ?
so it w
so it woso it wouo it woul it wouldit would t would t would thwould theould the uld the tld the tyd the tyr the tyrathe tyranhe tyrante tyrant  tyrant ityrant isyrant is rant is iant is innt is in t is in t is in this in thes in theh in thehoin thehopn thehope thehope thehope ohehope ofehope of hope of aope of atpe of atte of atta of attaiof attainf attaini attaininattainingttaining taining taining thining thening the ing the tng the thg the thr the threthe threehe threepe threepr threeprithreeprinhreeprincreeprincieeprincipeprinciplprinciplerinciple inciple inciple isciple istiple isthple isthale isthate isthat  isthat tisthat thsthat thethat theyhat they at they at they ap they appthey appehey appeaey appealy appeal, appeal, appeal, sppeal, sapeal, sayeal, sayial, sayinl, saying, saying, saying, saying, haying, haying, having, having, having, having, having  having thaving thaving thiving thising this ng this ig this in this insthis insthis instiis instins instinc instinctinstinct nstinct ostinct oftinct of inct of tnct of thct of thet of the  of the mof the mof the mos the mostthe most he most me most mi most mismost miseost miserst miserat miserab miserablmiserableiserable serable cerable carable caiable caitble caitile caitife caitiff caitiff caitiff waitiff whitiff whotiff whoriff whoreff whoremf whoremo whoremorwhoremorshoremorseoremorselremorseleemorselesmorselessorselesslrselesslyselessly elessly ilessly inessly in ssly in asly in acly in accy in acco in accorin accordn accorda accordanaccordancccordancecordance ordance wrdance widance witance withnce with ce with te with to with toowith toolith toolsth tools h tools o tools ortools or ools or iols or inls or inss or inst or instior institr institu institutinstitutinstitutiostitutiontitution itution wtution whution whition whicion whichon which n which i which i which i phich i prich i prach i praih i prais i praisei praised praised praised araised abaised aboised aboused abouted about d about m about moabout monbout moneout moneyut money,t money,  money, wmoney, whoney, whiney, whicey, whichy, which , which i which itwhich itwhich itwaich itwasch itwas h itwas m itwas maitwas maitwas mainwas maintas maintas maintai maintainmaintain aintain tintain thntain thetain the ain the din the dan the day the day the day ihe day ise day isd day isdaday isdazay isdazzy isdazzl isdazzleisdazzledsdazzled dazzled bazzled byzzled by zled by eled by exed by excd by exce by excesby excessy excess  excess oexcess ofxcess of cess of cess of crss of cres of crea of creatof creatif creatio creationcreation,reation, eation, wation, whtion, wheion, wheton, whethn, whethe, whether whether whether yhether yoether youther you her you aer you agr you agr you agreyou agreeou agree u agree w agree wiagree witgree withree with ee with ye with yo with youwith you ith you tth you thh you tha you thatyou that ou that iu that in that in that in that in that in thet in the  in the rin the rin the rig the righthe righthe right.e right.
 right.
yright.
yeight.
yesght.
yes,ht.
yes, t.
yes, a.
yes, an
yes, andyes, and es, and is, and is, and is  and is eand is exnd is exhd is exhi is exhibis exhibis exhibit exhibit exhibit hxhibit hihibit himibit himsbit himseit himselt himself himself himself iimself inmself in self in aelf in anlf in anyf in any  in any oin any otn any oth any otheany otherny other y other c other ciother citther cityher city.er city. r city. f city. focity. fority. for ty. for wy. for we. for we  for we cfor we caor we canr we cann we cannowe cannote cannot. cannot.
cannot.
tannot.
thnnot.
thenot.
thenot.
then t.
then w.
then we
then we then we ahen we asen we assn we assi we assigwe assigne assigns assigns assigns tssigns tosigns to igns to tgns to thns to thes to thei to theimto theimao theimag theimagetheimage-heimage-meimage-maimage-makmage-makiage-makinge-makinge-making -making bmaking beaking befking befoing beforng beforeg before, before, before, tefore, thfore, thaore, thatre, that e, that o, that on that onethat one hat one oat one oft one oft one ofthone ofthene oftheme ofthem, ofthem, ofthem, wfthem, whthem, whihem, whicem, whichm, which , which m which mawhich mayhich may ich may bch may beh may be  may be fmay be foay be fouy be foun be foundbe found e found i found infound in ound in tund in thnd in thed in thei in theirin their n their s their sutheir subheir subjeir subjeir subjecr subject subject-subject-mubject-mabject-matject-mattect-mattect-mattert-matter -matter omatter ofatter of tter of oter of oter of othr of othe of otherof other f other s other stother stather stather stateer statesr states? states?
states?
states?
slates?
slates?
slaves?
slaves?
slaves?
slaves.
slaves.
slaves.
alaves.
anaves.
andves.
and es.
and ys.
and yo.
and you
and you and you mnd you mad you may you may you may hou may hau may hav may havemay have ay have ty have th have thehave the ave the sve the sae the sac the sacrthe sacrihe sacrife sacrifi sacrificsacrificeacrificescrifices.rifices.
ifices.
tfices.
teices.
telces.
telles.
tell s.
tell m.
tell me
tell me tell me well me whll me whel me when me whencme whencee whence  whence wwhence wihence witence withnce with ce with he with hi with himwith him ith him ith him inh him int him intohim into im into tm into th into theinto the nto the uto the uto the utm the utmothe utmoshe utmoste utmost  utmost futmost fetmost feamost fearost fear.st fear.
t fear.
t fear.
thfear.
theear.
the ar.
the tr.
the ti.
the tim
the timethe time,he time,ae time,al time,alttime,althime,althome,althoue,althoug,althoughalthough lthough tthough thhough theough theyugh they gh they wh they wi they wilthey willhey will ey will hy will ha will havwill haveill have ll have tl have to have to have to fave to five to fige to figh to fightto fight,o fight,  fight, ofight, ouight, ourght, our ht, our st, our si, our sid our sideour side,ur side, r side, h side, heside, he ide, he sde, he sae, he sai, he said he said.he said.
e said.
t said.
thsaid.
theaid.
therid.
thered.
there .
there i
there isthere is here is aere is afre is afue is afur is afurtis afurths afurthe afurtherafurther further murther marther maither mainher mainter maintar maintai maintainmaintain aintain tintain thntain thetain the ain the gin the gon the goo the goodthe good he good ae good ar good aregood are ood are tod are thd are the are the are the pre the pue the pur the purpthe purpohe purpose purpose purpose purpose ourpose ofrpose of pose of tose of thse of thee of the  of the sof the stf the sta the statthe statehe state:e state:  state: fstate: fotate: forate: for te: for te: for tr: for tru for trulfor trulyor truly,r truly,  truly, atruly, anruly, anduly, and ly, and ay, and al, and all and all and all snd all sod all sor all sortall sortsll sorts l sorts o sorts ofsorts ofiorts ofinrts ofinsts ofinsts ofinstr ofinstruofinstrumfinstrumeinstrumennstrumentstrument trument wrument wiument witment withent with nt with pt with pr with prewith presith preseth presenh present present present aresent atesent athsent athient athisnt athis t athis d athis diathis disthis disphis dispois disposs dispose disposeddisposed isposed tsposed toposed to osed to tsed to thed to thed to the  to the eto the elo the eld the eldethe elderhe elder e elder m elder muelder muslder mustder must er must tr must th must thimust thisust this st this st this so this sorthis sorthis sort is sort ws sort wh sort whisort whicort whichrt which t which t which thwhich thehich the ich the tch the teh the tes the testthe testihe testime testimo testimontestimonyestimony.stimony.
timony.
oimony.
onmony.
on ony.
on wny.
on why.
on wha.
on what
on what on what tn what th what thewhat theyhat they at they at they ar they arethey are hey are tey are tey are ter are termare termere termede termed, termed, termed, bermed, brrmed, bremed, breaed, breakd, breaki, breakin breakingbreaking reaking oeaking ouaking outking out ing out ing out ing out int out intoout intorut intoret intoreb intorebeintorebelntorebelltorebelliorebelliorebelliouebelliousbellious ellious sllious sulious subious subjous subjeus subjecs subject subject,subject, ubject, abject, anject, andect, and ct, and it, and is, and is  and is fand is fond is foud is foun is foundis found s found i found infound in ound in cund in chnd in chid in chil in childin childrn childre childrenchildren hildren dildren dyldren dyidren dyinren dyingen dying n dying a dying aldying almying almoing almosng almostg almost  almost ealmost evlmost evemost everost everyst everytt everyth everythieverythinverythingerything;rything; ything; athing; anhing; anding; and ng; and tg; and th; and the and theyand they nd they md they mu they musthey musthey must ey must ay must al must alsmust alsoust also st also et also ex also excalso excllso excluso excludo exclude excluderexcluderexcluderepcluderepuludereputudereputadereputatereputatireputatioeputationputation utation ftation foation fortion for ion for ton for thn for the for theyfor they or they ar they ar they arethey are hey are iey are iny are in  are in tare in thre in thae in that in that in that pn that pa that parthat parthat partiat partict particu particulparticulaarticularrticular ticular sicular sccular sciular scielar scienar sciencr science science science ocience ofience of ence of pnce of pace of paie of pain of pain of pain af pain at pain at pain at sain at suin at sufn at suff at suffeat suffert suffer  suffer asuffer anuffer anyffer anytfer anyther anythir anythin anythinganything.nything.
ything.
pthing.
prhing.
proing.
probng.
probag.
probab.
probabl
probablyprobably robably iobably inbably in ably in tbly in thly in they in the  in the ain the abn the abs the absothe absolhe absolue absolut absoluteabsolutetbsolutetrsolutetruolutetrutlutetruthutetruth tetruth aetruth antruth andruth and uth and tth and teh and ten and tendand tendend tenderd tender  tender ttender thender thinder thinder thinger thingsr things? things?
things?
ihings?
i ings?
i dngs?
i dogs?
i do s?
i do n?
i do no
i do noti do not  do not pdo not pro not pra not prainot praisot praiset praisej praisejupraisejusraisejustaisejustiisejusticsejusticeejustice justice mustice mastice maktice makeice make ce make me make me make me make me aake me anke me an e me an a me an aume an aute an auth an authoan authorn authori authoritauthorityuthority,thority, hority, iority, inrity, in ity, in oty, in ory, in ord, in orde in orderin order n order t order toorder to rder to mder to maer to mair to main to maintto maintao maintai maintainmaintain aintain tintain thntain thitain thisain this?in this?
n this?
y this?
yethis?
yeshis?
yes;is?
yes; s?
yes; t?
yes; th
yes; theyes; the es; the as; the ar; the art the artsthe arts he arts ae arts ar arts arearts are rts are jts are jus are jus are justare just;re just; e just; h just; hejust; he ust; he wst; he wht; he who; he who  he who ihe who ise who is  who is twho is toho is to o is to b is to beis to be s to be y to be yoto be youo be your be your be your de your du your dutyour dutyour duty ur duty tr duty to duty to duty to suty to sety to sely to sele to selecto selecto select, select, select, ielect, iflect, if ect, if wct, if wet, if we , if we a if we arif we aref we are  we are swe are see are see are seekare seekire seekine seeking seeking 