
indeindeendeeddeed,eed, ed, ad, an, and and and tnd thd the thebthebahebaneban,ban,oan,orn,or ,or oor ofr off offeofferffereferenerencrenceence nce ice ise is  is pis pos poo poorpoor oor mor mar mai mainmaintainteinterntersters ers ars ans and and and gnd god gol goldgold old old ond on  on ton thn the the the ahe ane any any any sny soy so  so bso beo be  be ibe ile ill ill ill sll sel see see see tee the the the the whe wae way way way oay ofy of  of wof whf whi whicwhichhich ich ich i h i a i asi ask ask ask fsk frk fro fromfrom rom tom tim til tilltill ill tll thl the the the mhe mue mus mustmust ust hst hat hav havehave ave ave ale all all all tll thl the the the whe woe wou woulwouldould uld tld thd the theotheopheopieopinopinipinioinionnion ion won whn who who who tho tho thi thisthis his ais ans ano anotanothnothiothinthinkhinkiinkinnkingking ing ong ofg ofs ofslofslafslavslavelave-ave-hve-hee-he -he ihe ise is  is tis ths the themthem hem aem asm ast astaastatstatetate.ate. te. ae. an. and and and tnd thd the the the ehe ele ela elabelabolabouaboutbout out hut hot hon honohonouonournour our yur yor you you you hou hau hav havehave ave tve the thi thisthis his ois ofs of  of hof hif his his his iis ins in  in gin gan gar garmgarmearmedrmedimedicedicidicinicinecinesines,nes,tes,trs,tra,tradtraderadesades;des; es; ws; wh; whe whenwhenwhenweenwe nwe awe are art artiarticrticuticulicultcultuulturlturaturalural ral cal cal car carecare are tre the thi thinthinghingsings ngs tgs tys tyr tyratyranyrannrannyanny.nny.
ny.
ty.
th.
the
theythey hey sey shy sho shoushoulhouldould uld bld bed be  be jbe jue jus justjustiusticsticetice ice wce wie wil willwill ill oll opl opp oppooppospposepose ose nse noe not not?not?
ot?
yt?
ye?
yes
yes,yes, es, as, an, and and and hnd hed he  he she ste sta statstatetate ate ate ate att attrattrittribtriberibe;ibe; be; be; be; bea beaubeauteautyauty,uty, ty, hy, he, he  he she sae sam samesame ame mme mae mai mainmaindaindiindivndividividividevide ide fde foe for for for ior inr inf inflinflanflamflamelame-ame-ame-ate-at -at sat sit sin singsinglinglyngly gly gly giy giv givegiveniven ven ten thn the the the uhe une unw unwrunwrinwritwriterite ite tte toe to  to bto bro bri brinbringring ing tng thg the themthem?hem?
em?
im?
in?
in 
in win whn wha whatwhatwhatweatwe twe pwe pre pra praipraisraisiaisinisingsing ing ang asg asi asidasidesideriderederedered red ted thd the themthem?hem?
em?
nm?
ne?
nei
neitneitheitheitherther her ier isr is  is ois ows own own own bwn bun bus busybusy usy wsy why whi whicwhichhich ich ich ish is  is mis mos mot motimotiootiontion ion oon ofn of  of uof usf use usesuses ses oes ovs ove overover ver ser ser ser seriserioeriorrior,ior, or, rr, ra, rat rathratheatherther her aer abr abo abouaboutbout out but bot bod bodybody ody ody ory or  or tor thr the the the ohe one one one one bne bee bec becobecomecomecome ome rme ree rea realreal eal oal ofl of  of tof thf the the the she sae sak sakesake ake ake a e a c a cia cit citycity ity wty why who wholwholehole ole sle ste sta statstatetatesatesttest,est,bst,but,but,but but tut tht the theytheywheywieywilywillwilltillthllthilthinthinkhink ink tnk thk tha thatthat hat iat ist is  is eis eqs equ equiequirquireuire ire are ane and and and ind i d i w i woi wou woulwouldould uld eld evd evi evilevilavilanilandlandsands;nds; ds; os; or; or  or tor tor to  to ato a o a g a goa goo goodgood ood eod end ent entientiontiontion ion hon hin his hislhisleisleasleadlead ead oad ofd of  of aof anf any anybanybonybodybodybody;ody; dy; ty; th; the the the phe poe pos posspossiossibssiblsibleible ble tle tie tin tinktinkeinkernker,ker, er, sr, so, soc socrsocraocratcratiraticatic tic cic coc com compcomprompromprovproverovedoved ved bed byd by  by cby coy con consconsionsidnsideside ide ode ofe of  of iof imf imi imitimitamitatitatitativativetivesives ves aes aps api apieapiecpieceiece ece oce ofe of  of aof a f a w a waa wan wantwanteantecntecetecedecedecedededed ded aed and and and and wnd whd whi whicwhichhich ich ich ish is  is lis lis lik likelike,ike, ke, le, li, lik likelike ike nke nae nat natunaturaturaturalural ral mal mal man mannmanneannernner ner aer arr art art art ort oft of  of hof hif his his his dis dis div dividividividuviduaidualdual,ual, al, dl, de, des desidesiresiresire ire lre lie lim limilimitimit mit tit tht the theitheirheirpeirprirprorprosproserosecosecusecurecurecureduredlredlyedly.dly.
ly.
oy.
of.
of 
of cof cof cou courcouraouraguragerageoageougeouseous ous aus ars are are are wre wee wer werewere ere wre wie wit withwithiithinthinkhinkyinkyonkyoukyou you tou tru tre treatreatreateeaterater.ter.
er.
ir.
im.
ima
imagimagimaginaginegine,ine, ne, he, he, he  he rhe rie rig righrightight ght oht oft of  of nof nef nec necenecesecesscessaessarssarysary ary mry may may may,may, ay, sy, sa, sai saidsaid,aid, id, td, th, tha thatthat hat tat tht the theythey hey sey shy sho shoushoulhouldould uld ald a d a s a sla sli sligslighlightight.ght.
ht.
tt.
th.
tha
thatthat hat hat het he  he che cie cit citycity?ity?
ty?
uy?
us?
use
usefusefusefuleful?ful?
ul?
cl?
ce?
cer
certcertaertairtaintainlainlyinly.nly.
ly.
ly.
le.
let
let let uet ust us  us wus wis wit withwith ith tth thh the the the che cae cal callcall all wll whl whi whicwhichhich ich ych yoh you you you aou aru are are are bre bee bec becobecomecomicominominaminalinallnallyally lly wly way wan wantwant ant ant ant and andaandanndanddand and hnd hid his his his vis vis vir virtvirtuirtuertue-tue-sue-sue-suc-suchsuch,uch, ch, lh, li, lig lighlightight ght aht a t a l a lia lit littlittlittlettlebtlebyleby eby tby thy the the the ghe goe god god god hod had har harmharm;arm; rm; wm; wh; whe whenwhen hen aen asn asf asfiasfirsfirsfirstirst,rst, st, wt, wh, whi whicwhichhich ich wch weh wer werewere ere are ale als alsoalso lso iso iso is  is dis des deg degrdegreegreagreatreateeateratersters,ers, rs, fs, fo, for for for ior isr is  is tis trs tre treatreatreateeaterater.ter. er. ar. an. and and and nnd nud nur nurtnurtuurturrtureture,ure, re, te, th, the theytheymheymaeymakymakimakinakingking ing png pag par pareparedared red ied ind in  in tin ton to  to kto keo kee keepkeepweepwiepwitpwithwith ith tth thh the the the che coe com comecomesomes mes tes tos to  to tto tho the therther her ger ger gen gentgentlentlentle tle tle toe to  to tto tho the the the whe wie wis wisewise ise sse she sho shoushoulhouldould,uld, ld, ad, an, and and and and a d a l a lia lif lifelife ife tfe toe to  to ito ino in  in tin twn two two;two; wo; oo; on; onl onlyonly nly bly byy by  by aby avy avo avoiavoidvoidpoidpridprodprofproferofesofessfessoessorssorssors-ors-irs-i s-i m-i mei mea meanmean?ean? an? in? i ? i s i shi sho showshow how aow asw ast asthasthesthe the ghe goe goo goodgood ood aod and and and and tnd thd the thertherehere ere rre ree reg reguregulegulagulatulatilatioationtion,ion, on, fn, fo, for for for aor anr any anywanywrnywroywronwrongrongeongernger ger aer adr adv advaadvandvantvant ant tnt tht the the the the tie tim timetime ime fme fre fri friefrienriendiend end ond ond on  on hon hin his his his mis mos mor moremore ore wre wae way waysways:ays: ys: ws: wh: whe whenwhen hen sen sen ser servserveervedrved ved ied ind ins instinst nst tst tht the the the ihe ise is  is tis tys tyr tyratyranyrannranniannihnnihinihilihilahilatilatelate ate tte toe to  to bto beo be  be ube un