
my my wy wi witwithith th ah ag agragregreareaseasoasonsoneone;ne; e; a; an andand nd gd go googoodood,od, d, w, wo wouwouloulduld ld nd no notnot ot ot of of of tf th thathathat at at at atratrotronrongongongobgobsobsebserser er wr wa wayway ay oy of of of pf po polpoleole le ce ci citcityity ty oy of of of tf te temtemeemetmethethethemhemoemonmongong ng ng ne necneceecescessessissibsiblibleble le we wo worwortortorto to wo wh whowho ho ao an andand nd td th thethe he ie in inging?ng?
g?
i?
im
impimpomposposeose se ae as as as hs he he he je ju jusjustust st tt tr trotrodroduoducduceucedced?ed?
d?
y?
ye
yesyes es as ar areare re oe of of of af a  a ca ce cesces es as ar arcarchrch;ch; h; n; na natnatuatuatualualializlizeizeazealealtalthlth th ih is is is is in infinfenferfereere re te tr trutruerue.ue.
e.
a.
an
andand nd md ma maymay ay iy is is is ns no notnot ot tt tr trutrulruleulerlersers.rs. s. a. an andand nd hd hu hurhurrurrirriarialialeale,le, e, l, li liklikeike ke me ma maymay ay ry ri ricriciiciacianiansanswnsweswerwer;er; r; a; an andand nd td to to to do de detdetaetaitainainsins ns ws wo wouwouloulduld ld sd sh shishiphip ip op of of of gf go googoodood od od of of of tf th thethe he se sa saysay ay by be be be ae an andand nd ad as asiasiesiesies.es.
s.
h.
ho
howhow ow ww wh whiwhichichich ch mh mo mosmostost st at ad adoadowdow ow sw sp spespeapearearnarn rn tn th thethe he ie in in in tn th thethe he se sa saisaidaid,id, d, i, i  i ri re resres es os of ofaofa fa pa po polpoleolemlemaemaimainainlinlynly ly oy or ordord rd ad an an an an an andand nd id is is is es eq equequequeaueaneantant nt ot or oreore re se sh shoshowhow ow aw ar artartirtintingingsngs gs rs re reprepaepaypay ay ty th thethe he te th thethe he ce ch chachashas as ps pe perpercercercepcepteptaptaitainain in tn th thethe he me me menmen.en.
n.
c.
ce
cercertertartaitainaintintsnts ts os of of of hf hi himhim?im?im?in?in in cn ci circircirclrclecleslessess ss ss st stastattatoatortorcorcircisciseisesses es ws wi wilwillill ll bl be be be le li liflifeife fe ae an anoanotnot ot bt be beabeateateate,te, e, y, yo youyou ou lu li liflifeife fe ae ab aboabovboveove ve be be be be we wh whowhomhom om tm to to to ho hi hishis is qs qu quequesuestestistintinging ng ug up up up ap a  a fa fi figfiguigurgureure,re, e, h, he heahearear ar or of ofhofhyfhyphypoypotpothothetherhereere re ce ch chachanhan an in is ississesserserierioriouiousousnusnesnesnessess,ss, s, b, bu butbuteuteltellellillinlineinedned ed id ig ignignognornor or sr sl slaslavlaveave ve ae ar areare re ce cr crecreareateat at tt th thethe he re ru rulruleulerler,er, r, o, op opiopinpinging ng og of of of ef ev eveeververyery ry oy ot othothethe he ge go goegoesoes es os or or or pr pa patpatiatiotionion,on, n, t, th thethe he ie is is is us up up up wp wi wilwillill ll gl gi givgiveivenven en tn to to to bo be beibeineinging ng lg le letlet et st sh sheshedhed ed td tu turturnurnernerner;er; r; a; an andand nd hd ho honhonoonounourour ur er ea eageagaagaigainain in pn pe perperaeratrateatestes?es?
s?
y?
ye
yesyes,es, s, h, he he he ae ar ariarioriorioraoranrancancence ce ie is is is ss sh shoshouhouloulduld ld sd sh shasharharmarm rm hm hi himhim im tm to to to do di disdiseise se we we werwereere re ie in in in en ex expexpexpedped ed ad an andand nd nd no notnothothethe he se sh shashadhad ad bd ba bacbackack ck ek ey eyeeye ye ie is is is ps pr proprotrothothethe he fe fa falfalsalsolso so ho ha hadhadbadbodbodbodyody,dy, y, b, bu butbut,ut, t, i, in in in hn he he he le li liklikeike ke oe of of of hf ha hashas as ns no notnot ot ot of of of bf bo bodbodyody,dy, y, a, an andand nd hd hi himhimsims ms ts th thithinhinkinkinkinkindindindindingingengerger er wr wh whowho ho ao a  a wa wi wiswisdisdosdomdom om tm to to to do dw dwedwelwellell ll al ac accaccuccurcureurelrelyely ly dy de depdepaeparpareare re te th thathathat at wt wi wilwillill ll il in in in tn th thethenhen en rn ra ranrantant nt nt no notnothothethe he te th thathathatratretreareadeadyady dy oy ot othothethe he re re recrectect ct it is is is ws wi wilwillill.ll.
l.
w.
we
we we fe fl flyfly ly oy or or or hr he he he ie in in in tn th thuthunhundundendebdebtebtsbts ts ws wh whewherher er ar ap appappopposposeosedsed,ed, d, a, an anoanotnot ot gt go godgod od ad at at at ht he he he we wh whowhohhohaohavhaveave ve be be be be ce ca cancan an on of of of mf me menmentent nt at an andand nd sd so sonsonsons,ns, s, h, ha havhaveave ve he ha havhaveave ve we wi wilwillill ll nl ne neineiteithith th oh on oneone?ne?
e?
h?
he
he he ne no nobnoblobleble le te th thethe he se sa safsafeafetfetietirtireire re le li lislishishashadhadoadowdowsowsowsofsof of ef ev eveeverversers rs as an anoanotnot ot st sa saysay ay sy so socsociociacianian an tn to to to bo be beabea ea oa of of of tf th thetherher er sr st stustudtudeudedded,ed, d, h, he he he ie in in in an ab aboabouboutouthuth th hh hi hishis is ls la latlatiatiotionion:on: n: i: if if if tf th thethe he re re rewrew,ew, w, a, an andandunducduciucincinging ng ig in inoinornor or tr th thetherhereerefrefleflefleclectect ct lt la lawlaw,aw, w, i, is is is ws wi witwithith th oh on oneone ne de di divdiviividviduiduadualuallallollowlow ow iw is is is is in in in tn th thethemhem em um up up,up, p, g, gr gregreereedeed ed td th thathathat at tt th thetherhereere re we we welwellellillialia,ia, a, s, su subsubdubdubduiduinuin in an an andand nd ed en endend,nd, d, i, i  i ci co conconconcence ce fe fo forfor or tr to to to to th thethemhem em am ab aboabovboveoververnern rn tn th thetheyhey ey ay an andand nd td th thithinhinging ng ug un untunt nt pt pu purpurpurporposposeose se me ma marmarkark rk ok of of of nf ni nicnic-ic-pc-po-poepoetoetsets,ts, s, w, wo wouwouloulduld,ld, d, a, an andand nd ad an andand nd td th thetherher er qr qu quaqualuallall ll bl be beabeateathathethe he se sa savsavaavaivailail il tl th thathathat 